README.md, before:

# Astrone

<p align="center">
  <span>English</span> |
  <a href="https://github.com/Jerboas86/astrone-feedback/tree/master/lang/fr">Français</a>
</p>

### Audio Testing Platform

Astrone is a web application to create, and share your own audio interactive applications.
you can access it at [astrone.app](www.astrone.app).

## Bug Report

### What is a bug report ?

> A software bug is an error, flaw or fault in the design, development, or operation of computer software that causes it to produce an incorrect or unexpected result, or to behave in unintended ways.\
> [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_bug)

We encourage you to let us know when you encouter a bug in our application.\
The sooner the bug is reported, the quicker it will be fixed.

To start a bug report, open an [issue](https://github.com/Jerboas86/astrone-feedback/issues/new/choose) and select Bug Report.

## Feature Request

## License

For now, Astrone application is closed source code.
On the other hand, all documents in this repository are
open source under [GPLv3 license](https://github.com/Jerboas86/astrone-feedback/tree/master/LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

[feat] improve feature request section

README.md, after:

# Astrone

<p align="center">
  <span>English</span> |
  <a href="https://github.com/Jerboas86/astrone-feedback/tree/master/lang/fr">Français</a>
</p>

### Audio Testing Platform

Astrone is a web application to create, and share your own audio interactive applications.
you can access it at [astrone.app](www.astrone.app).

## Bug Report

### What is a bug report ?

> A software bug is an error, flaw or fault in the design, development, or operation of computer software that causes it to produce an incorrect or unexpected result, or to behave in unintended ways.\
> [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_bug)

We encourage you to let us know when you encouter a bug in our application.\
The sooner the bug is reported, the quicker it will be fixed.

To start a bug report, open an [issue](https://github.com/Jerboas86/astrone-feedback/issues/new/choose) and select Bug Report.

## Feature Request

A feature request is the process to ask for a new feature to be added in Astrone.

To start a feature request, open an [issue](https://github.com/Jerboas86/astrone-feedback/issues/new/choose) and select Feature Request.

## License

For now, Astrone application is closed source code.
On the other hand, all documents in this repository are
open source under [GPLv3 license](https://github.com/Jerboas86/astrone-feedback/tree/master/LICENSE.md).
