SECURITY.md, before:

Thanks for helping make Astrone safe for everyone 💙.

## Supported Version

## Reporting Security Issues

Security is of the highest importance and all security vulnerabilities or suspected security vulnerabilities should be reported to Astrone privately,
to minimize attacks against current users of Astrone before they are fixed. Vulnerabilities will be investigated and patched on the next patch (or minor)
release as soon as possible. This information could be kept entirely internal to the project.

If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in Astrone, please report it IMMEDIATLY to us **[example@monmail.com](mailto:example@monmail.com)**.
You will receive a response from us within 72 hours. If the issue is confirmed, we will release a patch as soon as possible depending on complexity.

**IMPORTANT: Please do not report security vulnerabilities through public GitHub issues, discussions, or pull requests.**

### Proposed email content

Please include as much of the information listed below as you can to help us better understand and resolve the issue:

- The type of issue (e.g., buffer overflow, SQL injection, or cross-site scripting)
- Full paths of source file(s) related to the manifestation of the issue
- The location of the affected source code (tag/branch/commit or direct URL)
- Any special configuration required to reproduce the issue
- Step-by-step instructions to reproduce the issue
- Proof-of-concept or exploit code (if possible)
- Impact of the issue, including how an attacker might exploit the issue

This information will help us triage your report more quickly.

## Patch, Release, and Disclosure

The Astrone Security Team will respond to vulnerability reports as follows:

1.  The Security Team will investigate the vulnerability and determine its effects and criticality.
2.  If the issue is not deemed to be a vulnerability, the Security Team will follow up with a detailed reason for rejection.
3.  The Security Team will initiate a conversation with the reporter within 3 days.
4.  If a vulnerability is acknowledged and the timeline for a fix is determined, the Security Team will work on a plan to communicate with the appropriate community, including identifying mitigating steps that affected users can take to protect themselves until the fix is rolled out.
5.  The Security Team will also create a [CVSS](https://www.first.org/cvss/specification-document) using the [CVSS Calculator](https://www.first.org/cvss/calculator/3.0). The Security Team makes the final call on the calculated CVSS; it is better to move quickly than making the CVSS perfect. Issues may also be reported to [Mitre](https://cve.mitre.org/) using this [scoring calculator](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln-metrics/cvss/v3-calculator). The CVE will initially be set to private.
6.  The Security Team will work on fixing the vulnerability and perform internal testing before preparing to roll out the fix.
7.  A public disclosure date is negotiated by the Astrone Security Team, and the bug submitter. We prefer to fully disclose the bug as soon as possible once a user mitigation or patch is available. It is reasonable to delay disclosure when the bug or the fix is not yet fully understood, the solution is not well-tested. The timeframe for disclosure is from immediate (especially if it’s already publicly known) to a few weeks. The Astrone Security Team holds the final say when setting a public disclosure date.
8.  Once the fix is confirmed, the Security Team will patch the vulnerability in the next patch or minor release. Upon release of the patched version of Astrone, we will follow the **Public Disclosure Process**.

### Public Disclosure Process

The Security Team publishes a public [advisory](https://github.com/jerboas86/astrone-feedback/security/advisories) to the Astrone community via GitHub. In most cases, additional communication via other channels will assist in educating Astrone users.

Commit message:

[fix] add supported version in SECURITY

SECURITY.md, after:

Thanks for helping make Astrone safe for everyone 💙.

## Supported Version

Supported version is the version available at [astrone.app](https://www.astrone.app)

## Reporting Security Issues

Security is of the highest importance and all security vulnerabilities or suspected security vulnerabilities should be reported to Astrone privately,
to minimize attacks against current users of Astrone before they are fixed. Vulnerabilities will be investigated and patched on the next patch (or minor)
release as soon as possible. This information could be kept entirely internal to the project.

If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in Astrone, please report it IMMEDIATLY to us **[example@monmail.com](mailto:example@monmail.com)**.
You will receive a response from us within 72 hours. If the issue is confirmed, we will release a patch as soon as possible depending on complexity.

**IMPORTANT: Please do not report security vulnerabilities through public GitHub issues, discussions, or pull requests.**

### Proposed email content

Please include as much of the information listed below as you can to help us better understand and resolve the issue:

- The type of issue (e.g., buffer overflow, SQL injection, or cross-site scripting)
- Full paths of source file(s) related to the manifestation of the issue
- The location of the affected source code (tag/branch/commit or direct URL)
- Any special configuration required to reproduce the issue
- Step-by-step instructions to reproduce the issue
- Proof-of-concept or exploit code (if possible)
- Impact of the issue, including how an attacker might exploit the issue

This information will help us triage your report more quickly.

## Patch, Release, and Disclosure

The Astrone Security Team will respond to vulnerability reports as follows:

1.  The Security Team will investigate the vulnerability and determine its effects and criticality.
2.  If the issue is not deemed to be a vulnerability, the Security Team will follow up with a detailed reason for rejection.
3.  The Security Team will initiate a conversation with the reporter within 3 days.
4.  If a vulnerability is acknowledged and the timeline for a fix is determined, the Security Team will work on a plan to communicate with the appropriate community, including identifying mitigating steps that affected users can take to protect themselves until the fix is rolled out.
5.  The Security Team will also create a [CVSS](https://www.first.org/cvss/specification-document) using the [CVSS Calculator](https://www.first.org/cvss/calculator/3.0). The Security Team makes the final call on the calculated CVSS; it is better to move quickly than making the CVSS perfect. Issues may also be reported to [Mitre](https://cve.mitre.org/) using this [scoring calculator](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln-metrics/cvss/v3-calculator). The CVE will initially be set to private.
6.  The Security Team will work on fixing the vulnerability and perform internal testing before preparing to roll out the fix.
7.  A public disclosure date is negotiated by the Astrone Security Team, and the bug submitter. We prefer to fully disclose the bug as soon as possible once a user mitigation or patch is available. It is reasonable to delay disclosure when the bug or the fix is not yet fully understood, the solution is not well-tested. The timeframe for disclosure is from immediate (especially if it’s already publicly known) to a few weeks. The Astrone Security Team holds the final say when setting a public disclosure date.
8.  Once the fix is confirmed, the Security Team will patch the vulnerability in the next patch or minor release. Upon release of the patched version of Astrone, we will follow the **Public Disclosure Process**.

### Public Disclosure Process

The Security Team publishes a public [advisory](https://github.com/jerboas86/astrone-feedback/security/advisories) to the Astrone community via GitHub. In most cases, additional communication via other channels will assist in educating Astrone users.
